We have continued our research  on how to install an extension for Edge. It turned out that the problem is due to expired certificates of applications downloaded from the store. For example, term of validity of "adblock plus" certificate is from 10/24/16 to 10/27/16, and for "adblock" it  is from  10/03/17 to  10/06/17. The research of the process of installing extensions from the store that we've made with special utilities for system monitoring, has revealed that there occurs a communication of "Microsoft Store" with Microsoft remote services during the installation, as a result of which we can see the activity of services responsible for validation of certificates. We have made a conclusion that the extensions have a certificate whose term has expired, however in case of installation from the "Microsoft Store" additional verification takes place. Manual install of an extension with expired certificate results in successful install, but the extension is not active and is not displayed in the list of Edge extension. We based our research on this source additionally https://github.com/aL3891/AppxInstaller. Since it has been found that the problem is due to certificates, we have generated our own certificate (instructions on how to generate it are given in the documentation) with which we signed your extension (which is not yet in the store). We have also found out how can we install this certificate for users in the process of installation, so that installation of your extension occurs successfully, and your extension ends up in the list of browser extensions, and works correctly.
